README.md, before:

# Exoplanet World Generator

This world generator generates an exotic world from a distant galaxy as an additional dimension.

## How to get there?
1. There is a portal block which can teleport you to this exotic world. Right now, it is not possible to obtain it. So, use the command
`give exoplanetportal`
2. Place the block and interact

![Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PutawanDE/Exoplanet/master/Screenshots/PortalBlock.png)
*Portal Block*

## Features
1. **Ore** - this planet has a large ore vein underground (Diamon, Gold, Iron, Copper, Coal).

2. **Red Tree and Grass** - this planet's plants mostly have red leaves as they use different pigment for their photosynthesis.

3. **Undersea Grass** - this planet's grass is special, it can grow both on the ground and undersea.

4. **Glowing Grass** - this planet is far too different from Earth. The grass here can glow in the dark. At night, it is not really dark at all.

![Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PutawanDE/Exoplanet/master/Screenshots/Ore1.png)
![Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PutawanDE/Exoplanet/master/Screenshots/Sea1.png)
![Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PutawanDE/Exoplanet/master/Screenshots/SeaNight3.png)
![Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PutawanDE/Exoplanet/master/Screenshots/SnowNight.png)
![Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PutawanDE/Exoplanet/master/Screenshots/SnowDay.png)
![Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PutawanDE/Exoplanet/master/Screenshots/Sunset.png)

Commit message:

Portal on spawn added to Readme - Update

README.md, after:

# Exoplanet World Generator

This world generator generates an exotic world from a distant galaxy as an additional dimension.

## How to get there?
1. There is a portal block which can teleport you to this exotic world. 2 portal blocks will be given when you spawn. So, you can use the blocks to teleport to Exoplanet and teleport back to Earth.
2. Place the block and interact

![Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PutawanDE/Exoplanet/master/Screenshots/PortalBlock.png)
*Portal Block*

## Features
1. **Ore** - this planet has a large ore vein underground (Diamon, Gold, Iron, Copper, Coal).

2. **Red Tree and Grass** - this planet's plants mostly have red leaves as they use different pigment for their photosynthesis.

3. **Undersea Grass** - this planet's grass is special, it can grow both on the ground and undersea.

4. **Glowing Grass** - this planet is far too different from Earth. The grass here can glow in the dark. At night, Exoplanet is not really dark at all.

![Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PutawanDE/Exoplanet/master/Screenshots/Ore1.png)
![Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PutawanDE/Exoplanet/master/Screenshots/Sea1.png)
![Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PutawanDE/Exoplanet/master/Screenshots/SeaNight3.png)
![Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PutawanDE/Exoplanet/master/Screenshots/SnowNight.png)
![Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PutawanDE/Exoplanet/master/Screenshots/SnowDay.png)
![Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PutawanDE/Exoplanet/master/Screenshots/Sunset.png)
